Adds `hasLink` test for examples; update ~37 descriptions to pass (#474)
mapbox/mapbox-gl-js-docs: docs/pages/example/dancing-buildings.md

- "import html from './dancing-buildings.html';"
---

> This example connects the runtime styling API with the Web Audio API to create a map where the 3D buildings dance to the rhythm of your ambient environment.

Reviewer: I think we need to sub "expressions" for "runtime styling API" here, but someone on the GL JS team will know for sure:

 ```suggestion
This example uses the [Web Audio API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_Audio_API) along with the power of [expressions](/mapbox-gl-js/style-spec/expressions/) to create a map where the 3D buildings dance to the rhythm of your ambient environment.
```

Author: I'll leave this open for comment from GL JS team. Thank you!

> It uses [`getUserMedia`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/MediaDevices/getUserMedia) to access audio from the user's environment, then analyzes that sound for loudness, and uses the loudness levels to control the [`fill-extrusion-height`](/mapbox-gl-js/style-spec/layers/?size=n_10_n#paint-fill-extrusion-fill-extrusion-height) property of the [`fill-extrusion`](/mapbox-gl-js/style-spec/layers/#fill-extrusion) type layer so the 3D buildings get taller when the audio is louder.

Author: removed 'type' from remaining instances of "x type source" and "x type layer" in this PR: 7c762fa 👍

> It uses [`getUserMedia`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/MediaDevices/getUserMedia) to access audio from the user's environment, then analyzes that sound for loudness, and uses the loudness levels to control the [`fill-extrusion-height`](/mapbox-gl-js/style-spec/layers/?size=n_10_n#paint-fill-extrusion-fill-extrusion-height) property of the [`fill-extrusion`](/mapbox-gl-js/style-spec/layers/#fill-extrusion) type layer so the 3D buildings get taller when the audio is louder.

Author: @ryanhamley Unresolving this conversation to share this new version of the description – everything look accurate? Since this example uses so many expressions I'd like to make sure we say something about what they are doing:

> This example uses [runtime styling](https://docs.mapbox.com/help/glossary/runtime-styling/) with the [Web Audio API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_Audio_API) to create a map where the 3D buildings dynamically change height to the rhythm of your ambient environment, giving the appearance of dancing.
> 
> It uses [`getUserMedia`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/MediaDevices/getUserMedia) to access audio from the user's environment, then analyzes that sound for loudness and uses the loudness levels to control the [`fill-extrusion-height`](/mapbox-gl-js/style-spec/layers/?size=n_10_n#paint-fill-extrusion-fill-extrusion-height) property of the [`fill-extrusion`](/mapbox-gl-js/style-spec/layers/#fill-extrusion) layer.
> 
> It uses the [`==`](/mapbox-gl-js/style-spec/expressions/#==), [`>`](/mapbox-gl-js/style-spec/expressions/#%3E) and [`<=`](/mapbox-gl-js/style-spec/expressions/#%3C=) expression operators to filter buildings in the layer based on their height data.

> It uses [`getUserMedia`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/MediaDevices/getUserMedia) to access audio from the user's environment, then analyzes that sound for loudness, and uses the loudness levels to control the [`fill-extrusion-height`](/mapbox-gl-js/style-spec/layers/?size=n_10_n#paint-fill-extrusion-fill-extrusion-height) property of the [`fill-extrusion`](/mapbox-gl-js/style-spec/layers/#fill-extrusion) type layer so the 3D buildings get taller when the audio is louder.

Reviewer 2: "adjust" might be better than "control" in the second paragraph. For the third paragraph, maybe specify that this is done for performance reasons. Otherwise, looks good.

> It uses [`getUserMedia`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/MediaDevices/getUserMedia) to access audio from the user's environment, then analyzes that sound for loudness, and uses the loudness levels to control the [`fill-extrusion-height`](/mapbox-gl-js/style-spec/layers/?size=n_10_n#paint-fill-extrusion-fill-extrusion-height) property of the [`fill-extrusion`](/mapbox-gl-js/style-spec/layers/#fill-extrusion) type layer so the 3D buildings get taller when the audio is louder.

Author: You got it – thanks for your help demystifying this one! Updated desc:

> This example uses [runtime styling](https://docs.mapbox.com/help/glossary/runtime-styling/) with the [Web Audio API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_Audio_API) to create a map where the 3D buildings dynamically change height to the rhythm of your ambient environment, giving the appearance of dancing.
> 
> It uses [`getUserMedia`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/MediaDevices/getUserMedia) to access audio from the user's environment, then analyzes that sound for loudness and uses the loudness levels to adjust the [`fill-extrusion-height`](/mapbox-gl-js/style-spec/layers/?size=n_10_n#paint-fill-extrusion-fill-extrusion-height) property of the [`fill-extrusion` layer](/mapbox-gl-js/style-spec/layers/#fill-extrusion).
> 
> To optimize performance, it uses the [`==`](/mapbox-gl-js/style-spec/expressions/#==), [`>`](/mapbox-gl-js/style-spec/expressions/#%3E) and [`<=`](/mapbox-gl-js/style-spec/expressions/#%3C=) expression operators to filter buildings in the layer based on their height data.
